Justin Carmichael Robert Byrd Ben Wells
John Hall hey hey good what's going on
here what do you have we here
PAC trying to power led with three
separate batteries dang things okay like
a little electrochemical cells what do
you have in each of the cells here the
blue is copper sulfate we have six point
five grams still do her in distilled
water okay and a copper rod in there
what's in that little corresponding a
little poor spies and luminol sulfate
it's about eight grams and the distilled
water one it's not going to power the
light bulb it's all creating about 1.1
homes right now and right we're gonna
try let's see it let's just see one here
that's all that's one already connected
up when I already connected and it's not
lighting up okay let's try let's try to
so let's get to going here this one no
you make banana copper okay and this is
two together right okay
a little a little light going on take it
off and put it back on in we got a
little light going on here how that
works how many volts do you pass them
through there do you know this is
probably about two point one volts right
now hookup all three of them let's see
if the intensity gets bigger they are
greater it's right here Bobby hey
here I positive negative positive
negative positive the negative
oh yeah that's a lot more intense
there's three running this should run
about I would say about three point two
right now folks go through all right
that is awesome wonder how many we can
hook up together we need more force
posture you know